We started with Git by starting studying about basics of Git 
and how git works.
In git their are four areas where code is putted : 
    1. Local working directory.
    2. Staging area.
    3. Local Repository.
    4. Remote Repository.
Their are few commands to move the code from one area to another.
We will go step by step to understand each area and how to push our code
finally to Remote repository.
1. Firstly the directory in which we are currently working and where we change all of our code
is local working directory.
2. When we run command "git add" the code is moved to the staging area
where the snapshots to the files is taken and the code moves to
the staging area.
3. When we run command "git commit" then code is moved to the local
repository and the changes are commited locally. In this we also have to pass a message
for each commit which helps to reflect changes.
4. When we run the command "git push" we add the changes to the remote repository.
Here we also pass the branch in which we want to push the changes.

The major difference between git and github is that git is installed to local machine
and github provide the server to create and manage repositories remotely.

Concept of Branches : 
The branches are created for the main code to introduce some changes in a asynchronoous fashion.
So that two or more teams can collaborate to the project.

Now we will look into some git commands :
1. git add : To add the directory to staging area.
2. git status : To check the status of the branch in which we are currently working.
3. git commit : To finalize the changes in the local repository.
4. git push : To reflect changes to the remote repository.
5. git merge : When we are done with the changes in a branch and want to merge it with the main branch
we use this command. "git merge" saves complete history of the child branch also.
6. git rebase : This command also helps in merging the two branches but it aligns the commits linearly.
It also helps managing the commit history and makes it clean.
7. git squash : This command helps to merge two branches but it merges all commits from child branch 
and then add it to the main branch. It helps for more cleaner commit history as it does not store child branch commits.
8. git clone : This command helps for cloning a repository to the local machine.
9. git reset : This command is used to reset the commited changes or staged changes.

Pull Requests : 
The pull requests are generated when we fork a repository and make some changes to it.
Then we raise a pull request and the owner of the repository decides whether to merge or not.

This is a breif introduction to the Git and Github.