We started with web fundamental basics which included starting with HTTP
The basics of the Http are : 
HTTP stands for HyperText Transfer Protocol.
HTTP is a set of rules for computers which help commputers to communicate with each other.
1. The links and images and all webpages are hypertext.
2. When we request for them from the server they are broken into some packets and send it
to the client.
3. To transfer all these packets their are some set of rules laid by the HTTP.

HTTP V/s HTTPS

https includes an extra layer of security.
It provides some features such as : 
1. Encryption
2. Security
3. Trust

Http headers 
Headers of the request are used to explain type of the request some headers are : 
It is the meta data of the request.

1. Content-Type : This tells that how the client is intrested to take response.
2. Content-Length : This tells the length of the content.

Their are some types of the requests types which we can use in http : 
1. GET : This type of request is used to get some data from server.
2. POST : This type of request is used to post some data to the server.
3. PATCH : This type of request is used to update some data to the server.
4. DELETE : This type of request is used to delete some data to the server.
5. HEAD : This type of request is used to get meta data of the data.
6. OPTIONS : This type of request is used to send options available for that resource.
7. CONNECT : This type of request is used to check the connection the server when we are using some kind of 
proxy.
8. TRACE : This type of request is used to find out the issues in
the connection.

Now we move towards API's
API stands for Application Programming Interface
The featured provided by the API are : 
1. Reach
2. Customisation
3. Efficiency
4. Adaptibility

Types of API : 
1. Open API
2. Internal API
3. Partner API
4. Composite API

Types of API based on Architecture : 
1. SOAP API : Simple Object Access Protocol. It basically works on XML
2. REST API : Representational State Transfer. It used JSON (Javascript Object Notation)
3. GraphQL API : It is a query language for API and a runtime for fullfilling those queries with exisitng data.

REST API : 
REST API stands for Representational State Transfer
It has some rules which are needed to be followed : 
1. Uniform Interface
2. Client Server Architecture
3. Statelessness
4. Cacheable
5. Layered System
6. Code on Demand (Optional)

Featured provided by REST API : 
1. Simplicity
2. Scalability
3. Flexibility
4. Technology Independence
5. Well Suppoted

Naming Conventions of REST API URI : 
1. Noun over verbs : for example "/api/product"
2. Plural Nouns in resource URI : for example "/api/products"
3. Versioning RESTful API's : The versioning of API's can be done in some several ways
    a. URI Versioning : for example "api/v1/products", "/api/v2/products"
    b. Request Parameter Versioning : for example "/api/products?version=2", "/api/products?version=1"
    c. Custom Header Versioning : In this we add a custom request header named as version and set its value.
    d. Content Negotiation Versioning : Content Negotiation means that both client tells server what type of communication client is expecting.
4. Use of proper HTTP Status codes.
5.Error Handling and Validation
6. Pagination and Filtering.
7. Handling Authentication and Authorization.

This is all about web fundamentals.